hello movie fans and welcome back to
another full movie recap with movie
reveals in today's video we're going to
give you a full play-by-play summary on
the 2017 sci-fi horror movie called life
warning this is a spoiler alert but at
least you will get to know what the
movie is about and whether you want to
watch it or not hope you enjoy
let's start with a quick summary
astronauts aboard the international
space station are on the cutting edge of
one of the most important discoveries in
human history the first evidence of
extraterrestrial life on mars as members
of the crew convict their research the
rapidly evolving life form proves far
more intelligent and terrifying than
anyone could have imagined
now for the full recount
oh by the way if you like the video make
sure to comment below
the pilgrim a satellite capsule coming
from mars is being intercepted by a crew
of astronauts onboard the international
space station the pilgrim contains soil
samples from mars which the astronauts
believe will confirm the presence of
life on mars the team's primary goal is
to intercept the pilgrim and determine
whether or if life is feasible on mars
unfortunately the pilgrim is damaged and
deviates from its original course rory
puts on his spacesuit and prepares for a
spacewalk outside the space station he'd
be in charge of a mechanical arm that
would capture the pilgrim his co-workers
are assisting him in preparing for his
mission
as the astronauts navigate the space
station all hurrying into their stations
the atmosphere is tense their commander
ekaterina and another astronaut show are
in charge of the operation in the
station's command center as the station
maneuvers into position to intercept the
pilgrim the other astronauts keep a
close eye on it worries vital signs are
being monitored by david the station
doctor
from a window he and the head scientist
hugh keep an eye on worry as they
finally see the pilgrim capsule nearing
the station the station is filled with
anxiety rory maneuvers the arm into
place and the entire station jolts back
as the pilgrim charges in and makes
contact
the astronauts are pushed back but they
notice rory has grabbed the pilgrim as
they return to the window at zakaterina
informs nasa that the pilgrim spacecraft
has successfully landed on the station
shears and smiles are shared hugh
carefully removes samples from a
container and examines them under a
microscope in the laboratory in the
sample he detects an almost fossilized
microorganism it resembles a single cell
creature according to him
hugh tries to reanimate the organism but
it remains motionless he next attempts
simulating a protrazoic earth's
atmosphere with the addition of a growth
hormone the creature begins to move much
to everyone's amazement
hugh can't help but chuckle now that
they've proven life on another planet
later the crew gets a call from earth
the finding of alien life is being
celebrated by news outlets and big
audiences alike the astronauts speak
with pupils informing them that their
school has been granted a once in a
lifetime opportunity to name the martian
a child declares that they decided to
name the organism calvin after the call
the astronauts get back to their tasks
hugh and rory argue while trying to fix
the station's plumbing meanwhile the
other doctor miranda checks on david's
health miranda is concerned since david
had spent a substantial amount of time
aboard the station nearly breaking the
world record for the longest period in
space
david claims that he is unconcerned
because he wishes to remain on the space
station he has the impression that he
belongs there
the next day they proceed to test the
creature he discovered that calvin had
expanded quickly now including hundreds
of cells and forming a neurological
network
hugh points out that each of calvin
cells may execute each somatic function
separately implying that each of
calvin's cell is a muscle cell and nerve
cell and photoreceptive cell at the same
time
it is an all brain all muscle and
all-eyes entity
hugh tries to make touch with calvin who
has sprouted tendrils as well cube is
tinkering with the alien thing and the
rest of the team is watching with baited
breath
cho contacts his wife who is presently
in labor after the crew eats dinner show
then reveals his newborn daughter to the
group the team then retires to their
quarters each to their own needs he was
back at the lab talking with calvin
while david examines himself for
injuries and diseases
show continues his conversation with his
family
after a few weeks the station is jolted
awake by an alert rory miranda and hugh
are the first to arrive at the lab
rory enters and corrects the problem and
hugh acknowledges that he must have
overlooked something that caused the lab
to malfunction
miranda emphasizes the necessity of
keeping calvin contained because they
are still learning about him he was
irritated claiming that they shouldn't
compare calvin to his sickness while
rory is angry claiming that calvin is an
alien species to which hugh should not
become too attached
miranda later observes that callun has
gone dormant after weeks of consistent
development when the laboratory
malfunctioned they believed calvin went
into sleep as a defense strategy she
expressed his relief claiming that the
creature was developing too quickly
this stop in its growth has allowed her
and the rest of the team to go through
their containment protocols again
calvin in the lab must be kept
completely sealed at all times
miranda believes that the safety of
everyone on board exceeds any potential
harm to calvin hugh and miranda talk
about calvin he highlights the necessity
of their goal and research into calvin's
cells calvin he claims has the key to
treating every sickness or perhaps
curing any ailment to re-awaken calvin
he recommends giving him a mild electric
shock
hume is preparing to electrocute calvin
in the lab calvin awakens after repeated
shocks grabbing onto hugh's hand and
shattering the electric wand as calvin
holds hugh's hand the team attempts to
remain calm hugh attempts to get away
but calvin holds on tightly
hugh begins to scream in agony as calvin
begins to squeeze him hugh begins crying
for assistance as calvin begins twisting
hugh's fingers into strange shapes the
crew wants to go in and assist but
miranda warns them that they can't risk
endangering another crew member calvin
fractures hugh's hand when the team is
arguing
hugh suddenly begins to float
unconscious with his hand in a mangled
knot
calvin tries to get out of the container
it pierces one of the gloves with a
fragment of the shattered electric wand
calvin manages to break away frightening
everyone calvin finds its way to a rat
specimen in a lab it comes out of
nowhere and wraps itself around the rat
devouring it hugh is rescued by rory who
enters the lab hugh is received by david
but he rushes to lock the lab door
before rory notices calvin latching
itself on rory's thigh
rory then gets an oxygen candle in the
hopes of burning calvin calvin is
torched and it leaps off the alien is
then ordered to be killed by ekaterina
rory prepares to suffocate calvin with
an incinerator he goes on the quest for
the extraterrestrial dousing it in
flames rory pursues calvin as he flees
around the lab hiding rory apprehends
the alien believing calvin is imprisoned
in a container calvin appears behind war
rate as he realizes the container is
empty rory's face is grabbed by the
alien which finds its way inside his
mouth rory starts coughing and the team
looks on in terror helpless
as he hovers lifelessly in the lab a
significant amount of blood spews from
worry's mouth the incinerator sets off a
fire alarm and retardant gas is released
into the lab
calvin comes out from rory his size
having increased 100 fold because calvin
may exploit the gas holds as a route out
show and the commander try physically
sealing the gas unfortunately calvin
reaches the final vowel as it closes and
squeezes out
ekaterina sends a distress signal to
nasa but show notices that the signal
has been lost to fix it they'd have to
go outside
ekaterina gets dressed and goes outside
when she gets to the transmitter she
notices that it has overheated when she
opens the coolant chamber she discovers
that it is empty calvin might have
gotten to the coolant she thinks
hugh now awake speculates that calvin
may have eaten the coolant to stay alive
calvin emerges from the cooling room and
clings onto ekaterina while they
converse ekaterina returns to the
station airlock but she finds that there
is liquid in her suit calvin has burst
ekaterina's cooling line and she knows
she is about to drown when the liquid
starts to obstruct her eyesight she
decides to make a dash for the airlock
ekaterina's helmet fills with liquid
coolant and she begins to drown
miranda tells david that ekaterina may
be agitated and irrational as he hurries
to the airlock to meet her when
ekaterina arrives at the airlock david
encourages her to assist him in
unlocking it
she starts turning the airlock lever in
the opposite way much to david's dismay
echo torino locks herself out on purpose
to rescue the team from calvin miranda
realizes ekaterina drowns and david and
miranda stand by and watch her drift
away calvin returns to the ship and
david begins to moan in despair he tries
to calm everyone down by assuring them
that calvin has been outside for much
too long for anything to live
calvin might still reach the station
through the thrusters according to show
they keep an eye on the thrusters and
when one detects a temperature shift
show fires it
unfortunately all of the thruster firing
leads the station to swerve off course
forcing show to re-enter orbit with the
remaining fuel
calvin is able to return to the station
as a result of this hugh learns that
calvin's race must have ruled mars for
millions of years until the planet's
atmosphere collapse forcing them to
hibernate to drive calvin back into
sleep he recommends simulating the same
on the station they'd withdraw to a
single capsule shut themselves in and
turn off the station's oxygen supply
they take refuge in a capsule and shut
the door behind them where anna sees
huge deterioration hugh blames himself
for what happened while david claims
that taking calvin was a team decision
calvin according to hugh isn't their foe
because it's simply trying to survive
and it must devour them in order to
survive he becomes drowsy and passes out
cube is being stabilized by the crew
when miranda observes something moving
in his leg
hugh's pants are unzipped and she
discovers calvin nibbling on hugh's leg
it'd all take a step back
miranda shocks calvin with a
defibrillator but it just draws the
alien's attention shove is trapped in
the sleeping pods when they hurry out
and split up
when david and miranda return to hugh
david notices that he is dying in a
hologram david watches calvin going
across the ship
huge tracker had been devoured by calvin
leaving miranda and david with the
capacity to follow the thing they then
shut themselves in and empty the other
compartments of oxygen when they receive
a proximity alert calvin begins to
suffocate
they observe another shuttle docking
with the station via the glass
miranda explains that the other shuttle
is there to push them into deep space
not to save them it's a last-ditch
security precaution to ensure that no
extraterrestrial life ever reaches earth
show leaves his sleeping compartment and
herdes to the shovel believing the
shuttle docking is a rescue mission
calvin creeps up behind him as he
attempts to unlock the hatch
miranda and david try to get to show as
soon as possible but they are too late
they witness the cosmonauts on board the
shuttle being eaten and show attempting
to escape the shuttle disintegrates and
the seal between the two stations is
broken show is pulled out of the station
as it begins to decompress
calvin quickly grabs shows legend begins
climbing show grabs calvin allows
himself to be drawn back as calvin comes
closer to miranda
show collides with the station and is
pulled into space but calvin manages to
cling on it
david assists miranda in climbing the
ladder and successfully locks calvin out
parts and debris fly everywhere as the
station begins to come apart
david notices that the station has been
driven back towards earth by the term
well giving them roughly 30 minutes
until it re-enters the atmosphere
david had an epiphany due to the lack of
air calvin is looking for oxygen
therefore the oxygen candles might be
used to entice him he intends to entice
calvin to one of the escape pods and
accompany him into deep space
miranda would then board a separate pod
and return to earth to inform everyone
about what had transpired they start
their strategy and david goes out with
oxygen candle calvin appears and
embraces his oxygen candle as david
cautiously navigates the station david
flees lowering calvin with another
oxygen candle when david arrives at the
escape pod calvin jumps in and grabs him
miranda continues her journey to the
other pod after seeing david arrive at
the pod david fires up his pod and
blasts out into deep space miranda then
takes off and they begin to separate
miranda describes what happened in the
station on a black box tape she advises
considering all martian life as hostile
and harmful if it ever reaches earth it
is advised to employ all available
measures to kill calvin both capsules
collide with debris and begin to
malfunction
calvin takes david's hand in his but he
attempts to stay on course
miranda falls the navigation systems of
her pod begins to fail the two pods
begin to drift apart as calvin rap says
arnold around david's arm he yells in
pain
one pod reaches the atmosphere while the
other flies away into space the capsule
eventually crashes into the sea
fishermen approach the pod as it
descends
they observe david wrapped in flesh
tendrils in the pod miranda continues to
stray in space the fishermen collaborate
to open the pod and david attempts to
discourage them they don't comprehend
what he's saying
as more fishing boats approach the pod
they unwittingly push themselves and the
world closer to extinction
the end
see you soon and thanks for watching